From: Frank Strauss <strauss@ibr.cs.tu-bs.de>
Newsgroups: comp.protocols.snmp,comp.dcom.net-management
To: mibs@ops.ietf.org, snmpv3@lists.tislabs.com, libsmi@ibr.cs.tu-bs.de
Date: 23 Nov 2001 16:30:00 +0100
Subject: libsmi-0.3 announcement
Message-ID: <libsmi-0.3-ANNOUNCE@ibr.cs.tu-bs.de>

Libsmi 0.3 is available for download.

Copyright (c) 1999-2001 Frank Strauss, Technical University of Braunschweig.

Libsmi is a C library that allows network management applications and
MIB authoring tools to access SMI MIB module information through a
well defined API that hides the nasty details of locating and parsing
SMIv1/v2 MIB modules.  Libsmi supports exact and iterative retrieval
functions for all major SMIv1 and SMIv2 constructs.

There are four tools on top of the library and a sh/awk-script:

  - Smiquery allows simple queries for single MIB module items.
    Smilint allows to increase the verbosity of the parser(s), so that
    MIB module files can be checked for syntax and semantic errors.

  - Smidump can be used to dump MIB modules in various formats. The
    current output backends allow to dump trees of OIDs, type
    definitions and recursive imports, to convert modules between
    SMIv1 and SMIv2, to produce JIDM compliant CORBA-IDL files,
    UCD-SNMP code stubs, MOSY style output, JAX Java AgentX sub-agent
    templates, XML and XML-Schema MIB representations, Perl and Python
    representations, graphical conceptual MIB models, and SCLI code
    stubs.

  - Smidiff allows MIB authors, MIB reviewers and implementors to
    compare two revisions of the same MIB for legal and illegal
    changes.

  - Finally, smistrip allows to strip SMIv1/v2 modules from documents
    like RFCs and Internet-Drafts.

Enclosed with the libsmi package, there are all (bug fixed) current
IETF standard MIB modules as of 2001-11-23, as well as some other
modules, man pages for all library functions and tools, and a small
libsmi test suite.

The software comes with automake/autoconf and libtool support. Hence
it should compile and build with or without shared libraries on most
UNIX style platforms, as well as on W32/cygwin, though it's just
developed on Sun Solaris 2.5.x and Linux. However, questions about all
platforms can be discussed on the libsmi mailinglist.

For those familiar with recent libsmi development: The most significant
change since the previous 0.2.x releases is the addition of the smidiff
tool for MIB revision comparison. It has been developed during the past
three months primarily by Torsten Klie.

Online information on libsmi together with download and CVS access
information, the (free) license terms, manual pages, and the mailing
list is available at:

	http://www.ibr.cs.tu-bs.de/projects/libsmi/


Enjoy!

	Frank Strauss <strauss@ibr.cs.tu-bs.de>
