
o check all `TODO' marks in all source files for open questions.

o parser-smi.y: handle forbidden WS at some places
  ( - number, Module . label, ...)

o detect IMPORTs of SMIv1 specific and SMIv2 specific items in the
  same module, e.g. old OBJECT-TYPE macro and (new) NOTIFICATION-TYPE macro.

o dump-sming.c: ensure an order without forward references in typedef's.

o dump-sming.c: support all(!) kinds of index clauses

o redesign of data structures: make SmiXXX structures the heads of the
  according data.h structures. This would obsolete the Free() functions
  and enable fast getNext() functions by accessing the underlying lists.

o Web online conversion to SMIng?

o smiGetNames() is not yet implemented

o thread safety (global vars? static vars? strtok() and other funcs?)
  different views

o set up a catalogue of errors detected by the smiv1/v2 parser?

o grouping of error and warning messages

o error detection: does table node have exactly one row sub node
  with oid == 1? (2578.7.10)

o warning detection: non continious sub oids in column node list?

o warning detection: warning on NotificationName/ObjectName/ExtUTCTime
  definitions.

o if `parse error' occurs, the database is left in an incosistent state,
  e.g. index labels of sming modules are not adjusted.

o need a handle to distinguish different views.

o clearly separate language dependant information at the API: SMI_STATUS_*
  map STATUS to a non-language-dependant type

o OID/Name Lookup Service (continue work on smid?)

o error detection: parser-smi.y: remember SEQUENCE contents and check them

o cleanup putenv(TZ) hack

o implcitly imported identifiers (MC MODULE sections) lead to
  `imported but never used' warnings, e.g. SNMP-NOTIFICATION-MIB

o smistrip + man page + extract mibs/*

o warnings: integer(signed) in index

o check, wheather OIDs of indexed columns might be longer than 128 subids.

o automake: Win32 (EXE_SUFFIX?)

o how to convert SMIng types derived from other defined types correctly
  to SMIv2?

o purify: data.c:freeData() is broken

o warning detection: enumerations SHOULD NOT contain signedNumber's.
  SHOULD start at 1. SHOULD be numbered contiguously.
  e.g. DISMAN-SCHEDULE-MIB.SnmpPduErrorStatus

o endless loop after parse error: smidump -f smiv1 ./RMON2-MIB.smiv1

o Juergen's testsuite -> make check

o smidump -ftypes dumps core for many modules
